---
excerpt_separator: <!--readmore-->
layout: post
title: 'A new day'
published_at: 2015-12-23T11:33:00+00:00
tags: [blog related]
category: blog
permalink: /:title/
author: jveillet
summary: 'The new demain-il-pleut is open!'
---

Hello and welcome for the grand opening!

You are probably here out of hazard, but that's totally fine. This is a big step for me, it has been two years since I've started to build this website, and I have been postponing over and over the launch. Something was always not ready, not perfect, I found many excuses and never released anything. My goal was to start an english speaking blog and talk about everything code or design related, that I found on my day to day job or my personal researches, as a developer. Sharing what I've learned may not be useful for everyone, but I do it in hope it helps at least one person (starting with me).

<!--readmore-->

There is still a lot of work to do, I tried to focus on a very simple and light layout, no ads, no social networks
buttons, no comments, everything here is and will be centered around the content. I designed the website with modern
technologies in mind, so it can be viewed on a large scale of screen sizes (mobile to widescreen), though it might
sometimes fail on older browsers (such as IE < 11), or browsers like Opera Mini, but still be readable. At the end of
the day, this is a team of one, so improvements and fixes will come at a very short pace, but if you find something
really annoying or buggy, feel free to ping [@jveillet](https://twitter.com/jveillet) on Twitter or log something on [GitHub](https://github.com/jveillet/jk-demainilpleut/issues).

So welcome on demain il pleut, I have absolutely no idea what i'm doing, I hope you will find something useful here
anyway. A new year is starting, and it looks very exciting.
